Zucchini & Chickpea Tagine with Couscous & Chermoula
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/zucchini-chickpea-tagine-5e9dd16bdcfa5e7d9637724a?q=tagine

#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
1 zucchini
2 cloves of garlic (I recommend doubling)
1 lemon
13.4 oz chickpeas
veggie stock concentrate
1 tablespoon tunisian spice blend
1 oz dried apricots
1 yellow onion
1/4 oz cilantro (some??)
1 jalapeno
4 tablespoon sour cream
1/2 cup couscous
1/2 oz almonds
1 teaspoon hot sauce
olive oil
butter
salt
pepper

Instructions:
1. Wash and dry all produce. Mince cilantro. Zest and halve lemon (for 4 servings, zest 1 lemon and halve both). Mince jalapeño, removing ribs and seeds for less heat. Halve, peel, and dice onion. Trim and halve zucchini lengthwise; cut crosswise into ½-inch-thick half-moons. Mince or grate garlic. Drain and rinse chickpeas; pat dry with paper towels.
2. In a small bowl, combine cilantro, 2 TBSP olive oil (3 TBSP for 4 servings), a pinch of garlic, salt, and pepper. Add lemon juice to taste and as much jalapeño as you like. Taste and add more garlic if desired. In a separate small bowl, combine sour cream, a pinch of salt, and as much lemon zest as you like. Add water 1 tsp at a time until mixture reaches a drizzling consistency.
3. Heat a drizzle of olive oil in a small pot over medium-high heat. Add ¼ of the onion; cook, stirring, until just softened, 2-3 minutes. Stir in ¾ cup water (1½ cups for 4 servings), half the stock concentrates (you’ll use the rest later), and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then stir in couscous. Turn off heat, cover, and let stand until ready to serve.
4. Heat a large drizzle of olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add zucchini and remaining onion. Cook, stirring, until softened and lightly browned, 5-7 minutes (7-10 minutes for 4 servings). Add Tunisian Spice, remaining garlic, and a big pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1-2 minutes.
5. Stir ⅓ cup water (⅔ cup for 4 servings) and remaining stock concentrates into pan. Stir in chickpeas and bring to a low simmer. Cook until liquid is slightly reduced, 1-2 minutes. Reduce heat to low; stir in 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4) until melted. Season with salt and pepper.
6. Fluff couscous with a fork; stir in 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4). Season with salt and pepper. Divide between plates and top with tagine. Top with almonds and apricots. (TIP: Toast almonds before adding if you like.) Drizzle with lemon cream and chermoula. Drizzle with hot sauce if desired. Cut remaining lemon into wedges; serve on the side. 

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 3891 kJ
Calories 930 kcal
Fat 47 g
Saturated Fat 14 g
Carbohydrate 99 g
Sugar 20 g
Dietary Fiber 15 g
Protein 23 g
Cholesterol 50 mg
Sodium 780 mg
