Black Bean & Poblano Flautas with Guacamole & Pico de Gallo
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/black-bean-poblano-flautas-5fa06ee101edba49463cf21c?q=flautas

#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
1 yellow onion
13.4 oz black beans
2 scallions
1 tablespoon southwest spice blend
1/2 cup pepper jack cheese
4 tablespoons sour cream
1 poblano pepper
1 roma tomato
1 lime
6 flour tortillas
4 tablespoons guacamole
olive oil
salt
pepper
butter

Instructions:
1. Wash and dry all produce. • Finely dice tomato. Trim and thinly slice scallions. Halve lime. • In a small bowl, combine tomato, scallions, a big squeeze of lime juice, and a drizzle of olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. • Halve, peel, and thinly slice onion. Core, deseed, and dice poblano into ½-inch pieces. Drain beans over a separate small bowl, reserving liquid.
2. Heat a drizzle of oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and poblano; cook until just softened, 5-6 minutes. • Add Southwest Spice and half the beans (you’ll use the rest in the next step). Cook, stirring, until fragrant and warmed through, 2-3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove pan from heat.
3. Meanwhile, heat a drizzle of oil in a small pot over medium-high heat. Add remaining beans and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, 2-3 minutes. Add ¼ cup reserved bean liquid (½ cup for 4 servings). Simmer until warmed through, 1-2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and stir in 1 TBSP butter. • Remove pot from heat; mash beans with a potato masher or fork until mostly smooth. Season with plenty of salt and pepper.
4. Spread tortillas with mashed beans. Place a small amount of filling on one half of each tortilla, then sprinkle with pepper jack. • Roll up tortillas, starting with filled sides, to create flautas. Place seam sides down on a plate.
5. Wash out pan used for filling. Heat a large drizzle of oil in same pan over medium-high heat. Add flautas seam sides down. • Cook, carefully turning so flautas stay intact, until golden brown and crispy, 1-2 minutes per side. TIP: Work in batches if necessary and watch carefully to avoid burning.
6. Divide flautas between plates and top with guacamole, pico de gallo, and sour cream. Alternatively, serve with toppings on the side.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 4058 kJ
Calories 970 kcal
Fat 48 g
Saturated Fat 20 g
Carbohydrate 105 g
Sugar 11 g
Dietary Fiber 14 g
Protein 24 g
Cholesterol 65 mg
Sodium 1450 mg
