Cajun-Style Blackened Tilapia with red beans, lemon rice, and hot sauce crema
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/cajun-style-blackened-tilapia-5dd8393a65e67e7e2d0bdb86?q=cajun

#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
1 Bell Pepper
2 scallions
2 cloves garlic (I recommend doubling+)
1 lemon
13.4 oz kidney beans
1/2 cup jasmine rice
veggie stock concentrate
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
11 oz regal springs tilapia
1 tablespoon blackening spice
2 tablespoons sour cream
1 teaspoon hot sauce
vegetable oil
olive oil
butter
salt
pepper

Instructions:
1. Wash and dry all produce. Core, deseed, and finely dice bell pepper. Trim and thinly slice scallions, separating whites from greens. Mince garlic. Zest and quarter lemon (quarter both lemons for 4 servings). Drain and rinse beans.
2. In a small pot, combine rice, ¾ cup water (1½ cups for 4 servings), and a big pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce to a low simmer. Cook until rice is tender, 15-18 minutes. Keep covered off heat until ready to serve.
3. Meanwhile, heat a large drizzle of olive oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Add bell pepper and scallion whites; cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, 4-5 minutes. Stir in garlic; cook until fragrant, 30 seconds.
4. Stir beans, stock concentrate, paprika, ¼ cup water (⅓ cup for 4 servings), and a large pinch of salt and pepper into pot with veggies. Bring mixture to a simmer, then reduce heat to low. Cook until thickened, 7-8 minutes. Turn off heat; stir in 1 TBSP butter and season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.
5. Meanwhile, pat tilapia dry with paper towels; season all over with salt and pepper. Rub both sides of each fillet with Blackening Spice. Heat a large drizzle of oil in a large, preferably nonstick, pan over medium-high heat. Add tilapia and cook until browned and cooked through, 4-6 minutes per side.
6. In a small bowl, combine sour cream and hot sauce to taste. Add water 1 tsp at a time until mixture reaches a drizzling consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Fluff rice with a fork; stir in lemon zest and 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4 servings). Season with salt and pepper. Divide rice, beans, and tilapia between plates. Top with crema and scallion greens. Serve with lemon wedges on the side.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 3222 kJ
Calories 770 kcal
Fat 27 g
Saturated Fat 11 g
Carbohydrate 85 g
Sugar 7 g
Dietary Fiber 11 g
Protein 44 g
Cholesterol 105 mg
Sodium 680 mg
