Creamy Lemon Spinach Ricotta Ravioli wiht Roasted Bell Pepper and parmesan
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/creamy-lemon-spinach-ricotta-ravioli-5fe0ff8c92fca95d6728716f/

#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
1 clove garlic (I recommend doubling+)
1 bell pepper
1 roma tomato
1 lemon
9 oz spinach ricotta ravioli
veggie stock concentrate
2 tablespoons cream cheese
2 tablespoons sour cream
1/4 cup parmesan cheese
olive oil
butter
salt
pepper

Instructions:
1. • Adjust rack to middle position and preheat oven to 400 degrees. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Wash and dry all produce. • Peel and thinly slice garlic. Halve bell pepper; remove stem and seeds. Cut tomato into 6 wedges. Zest and quarter lemon.
2. • Lightly coat a baking sheet with a drizzle of olive oil. Drizzle each bell pepper half with olive oil, salt, and pepper; place cut sides down on one side of prepared sheet. Toss tomato on empty side with a drizzle of olive oil, salt, and pepper. • Roast on middle rack until veggies are softened and lightly charred, 20-25 minutes. • Let bell pepper cool slightly, then transfer to a cutting board and thinly slice into strips.
3. • When veggies are almost done, gently add ravioli to pot of boiling water. • Reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente and floating to the top, 4-5 minutes. • Reserve ½ cup pasta cooking water (1 cup for 4 servings), then drain.
4. • Melt 1 TBSP butter in a large pan over medium heat. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until softened, 2-3 minutes.
5. • Add ¼ cup reserved pasta cooking water (½ cup for 4 servings), stock concentrate, cream cheese, sour cream, half the Parmesan (save the rest for serving), and 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4) to pan with garlic. • Whisk until combined and creamy, then stir in tomato and sliced bell pepper. Add a squeeze of lemon juice to taste. Season generously with salt and pepper.
6. • Add drained ravioli to pan with sauce; gently toss until thoroughly coated. TIP: If necessary, add more pasta cooking water a splash at a time until ravioli is coated in a creamy sauce. • Divide between plates and top with remaining Parmesan and lemon zest to taste. Serve with any remaining lemon wedges on the side.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 2678 kJ
Calories 640 kcal
Fat 41 g
Saturated Fat 21 g
Carbohydrate 52 g
Sugar 8 g
Dietary Fiber 7 g
Protein 21 g
Cholesterol 110 mg
Sodium 1250 mg
