Curry-Spiced Chickpea Bowls with Roasted Veggies, Cucumber Raita, and Garlic Basmati Rice
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/curry-spiced-chickpea-bowls-5f3ae95b29fe3337d33ea1b5/

#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
1 clove garlic (I recommend doubling)
1 red onion
veggie stock concentrate
1 persian cucumber
1 lemon
4 tablespoons yogurt
6 oz carrots
1/2 cup basmati rice
13.4 oz chickpeas
4 oz grape tomatoes
1/4 oz cilantro
1 chili pepper
2 tablespoons sour cream
salt
pepper
olive oil
butter

Instructions:
1. Adjust rack to top position (top and middle positions for 4 servings) and preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash and dry all produce. • Peel and mince garlic. Trim, peel, and slice carrots on a diagonal into ½-inch-thick pieces. Trim, peel, and cut onion into ½-inch-thick wedges; mince a few wedges until you have 1 TBSP (2 TBSP for 4 servings).
2. Drain and rinse chickpeas; thoroughly pat dry with paper towels. • Toss on one side of a baking sheet with a large drizzle of olive oil, half the curry powder (you’ll use more later), salt, and pepper. (For 4 servings, spread chickpeas out across entire sheet.)
3. Toss carrots, onion wedges, and tomatoes on empty side of same sheet with a large drizzle of olive oil, salt, and pepper. (For 4 servings, toss veggies on a second sheet; roast chickpeas on top rack and veggies on middle rack.) • Roast on top rack until veggies are tender and chickpeas are crispy, 20-25 minutes. TIP: It’s natural for chickpeas to pop a bit when they roast.
4.  Meanwhile, heat a drizzle of olive oil in a small pot over medium-high heat. Add garlic; cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. • Stir in rice, stock concentrate, ¾ cup water (1½ cups for 4 servings), and a big pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce to a low simmer. Cook until rice is tender, 15-18 minutes. Keep covered off heat until ready to serve.
5. While rice cooks, trim cucumber; grate on the largest holes of a box grater. Finely chop cilantro. Zest and quarter lemon. Mince chili. • In a small bowl, combine cucumber, minced onion, yogurt, sour cream, half the cilantro, and ¼ tsp curry powder (½ tsp for 4 servings). (Be sure to measure the curry powder—we sent more.) Add a pinch of chili if desired. Add a squeeze of lemon juice and season with salt.
6. Toss veggies with lemon zest and a squeeze of lemon juice. • Fluff rice with a fork; stir in 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4 servings) and season with salt and pepper. • Divide rice, veggies, and chickpeas between shallow bowls. Top with raita and remaining cilantro. Serve with remaining lemon wedges on the side.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 3180 kJ
Calories 760 kcal
Fat 27 g
Saturated Fat 7 g
Carbohydrate 103 g
Sugar 18 g
Dietary Fiber 14 g
Protein 19 g
Cholesterol 25 mg
Sodium 620 mg
