Greek Goddess Bulgar Bowls with Chickpeas, harissa hummus, and Cucumber feta Salad
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/greek-goddess-bulgur-bowls-5fb2d3fbfa2f1e476e00afb3?q=greek+goddess


#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
13.4 oz chickpeas
1 persian cucumber
1/2 cup feta cheese
1/2 cup bulgur wheat
1.5 oz greek vinaigrette
1 tablespoon harissa powder
1/4 oz dill
1 red onion
1 roma tomato
1/2 cup hummus
salt
pepper
olive oil

Instructions:
1. Adjust rack to top position (top and middle positions for 4 servings) and preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash and dry all produce. • Peel, quarter, and thinly slice ¾ of the onion (you’ll use remaining onion in step 4). Drain and rinse chickpeas; pat very dry with paper towels.
2. Toss sliced onion and chickpeas on a baking sheet with a large drizzle of olive oil, 1 tsp harissa powder (2 tsp for 4 servings), and salt. (You’ll use more harissa powder in the next step.) (For 4, divide between 2 sheets; roast on top and middle racks.) • Roast on top rack until onion is softened and chickpeas are lightly browned, 18-20 minutes. TIP: It’s natural for chickpeas to pop a bit while roasting.
3. Meanwhile, in a small pot, combine bulgur, 1 cup water, ½ tsp harissa powder (you’ll use more later), and salt (we used ½ tsp). (For 4 servings, use 2 cups water, 1 tsp harissa powder, and 1 tsp salt.) • Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce to a low simmer. Cook until water has absorbed and bulgur is tender, 12-15 minutes. Keep covered off heat until ready to serve.
4. While bulgur cooks, trim and halve cucumber lengthwise; slice crosswise into ¼-inch-thick half-moons. Dice tomato. Very thinly slice remaining onion. Pick and mince fronds from dill. • In a medium bowl, toss together cucumber, tomato, half the minced dill, half the Greek vinaigrette (you’ll use more in the next step), half the feta (save the rest for serving), and remaining onion. Season with salt and pepper.
5. Drain any excess water from bulgur; fluff with a fork. Stir in as much remaining Greek vinaigrette as you like. Taste and season with salt and pepper. • Place hummus in a small bowl. Stir in a pinch of remaining harissa powder. TIP: Taste the hummus and add more harissa powder if you like things spicy.
6. Using the back of a spoon, spread hummus on one side of each serving bowl. Divide bulgur between bowls. Arrange roasted onion and chickpeas and cucumber feta salad on top in separate sections. Top with remaining feta. Sprinkle with remaining minced dill if desired and serve.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 3598 kJ
Calories 860 kcal
Fat 41 g
Saturated Fat 9 g
Carbohydrate 89 g
Sugar 12 g
Dietary Fiber 17 g
Protein 26 g
Cholesterol 30 mg
Sodium 1380 mg
