Middle Eastern Chickpea Bowls with Pistachio Rice and Garlicky White Sauce
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/middle-eastern-chickpea-bowls-5fc6bbc927958f46f91410f9?q=middle+eastern


#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
1 red onion
1/2 oz pistachios
13.4 oz chickpeas
1 clove garlic (I reccomend doubling+)
4 oz grape tomatoes
1 tablespoon shawarma spice blend
1/4 oz cilantro
1/2 cup basmati rice
4 tablespoon sour cream
1 lemon
veggie stock concentrate
1 teaspoon hot sauce
olive oil
butter
pepper
salt

Instructions:
1. Adjust rack to top position (top and middle positions for 4 servings) and preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash and dry all produce. • Halve, peel, and cut onion into ½-inchthick wedges; mince a few wedges until you have 2 TBSP (4 TBSP for 4). Peel and mince or grate garlic. Roughly chop pistachios. Drain and rinse chickpeas; pat very dry with paper towels. Roughly chop cilantro. Zest and quarter lemon.
2. Melt 1 TBSP butter in a small pot over medium-high heat (use 2 TBSP butter and a medium pot for 4 servings). Add minced onion, half the garlic, half the pistachios (save the rest for serving), half the Shawarma Spice (you’ll use the rest in the next step), and a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, 1 minute. • Stir in rice, ¾ cup water (1½ cups for 4), stock concentrate, and a big pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce heat to low. Cook until rice is tender, 15-18 minutes. • Keep covered off heat until ready to use in step 5.
3. Meanwhile, toss onion wedges, tomatoes, and chickpeas on a baking sheet with a large drizzle of olive oil, remaining Shawarma Spice, pepper, and a few pinches of salt. (For 4 servings, divide everything between 2 baking sheets; roast on top and middle racks, tossing veggies and swapping rack positions halfway through roasting.) • Roast on top rack, tossing halfway through, until veggies are tender and lightly charred and chickpeas are crispy, 18-20 minutes. TIP: It’s natural for chickpeas to pop a bit.
4. While veggies and chickpeas roast, in a small bowl, combine sour cream with remaining garlic to taste. Season with salt. Stir in water 1 tsp at a time until mixture reaches a drizzling consistency.
5.  Fluff rice with a fork; stir in 1 TBSP butter and half the cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. • Once veggies and chickpeas are done, remove from oven and toss with lemon zest.
6. Divide rice between shallow bowls. Top with veggies and chickpeas. Drizzle with garlicky white sauce and hot sauce to taste. Sprinkle with remaining pistachios and cilantro. Top with lemon juice to taste; serve with any remaining lemon wedges on the side.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 3138 kJ
Calories 750 kcal
Fat 32 g
Saturated Fat 12 g
Carbohydrate 93 g
Sugar 13 g
Dietary Fiber 11 g
Protein 18 g
Cholesterol 50 mg
Sodium 580 mg
