Mushroom and Zucchini Tempura with Sesame Scallion Rice, Quick-Pickled Cucumber, and sweet heat sauce
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/mushroom-zucchini-tempura-bowls-5f3188e54bdb2f694a7ecf6d?q=tempura


#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
1 persian cucumber
1 zucchini
5 teaspoon rice wine vinegar
4 tablespoons mayonaise
3/4 cup jasmine rice
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 scallions
4 oz button mushrooms
2 oz sweet thai chili sauce
1 tablespoons sesame seeds
82 g tempura mix
1 teaspoon korean chili flakes
salt
pepper
sugar
butter
vegetable oil

Instructions:
1. Wash and dry all produce. • Trim and halve cucumber lengthwise; thinly slice crosswise into half-moons. Trim and thinly slice scallions, separating whites from greens. Trim and slice zucchini into ½-inch-thick rounds. Trim mushrooms; halve any large mushrooms (you’ll want them all about the same size).
2.  In a small bowl, combine cucumber, vinegar, ½ tsp sugar, and a pinch of salt. Set aside to pickle, stirring occasionally, until ready to serve. • In a separate small bowl, combine chili sauce with mayonnaise. • 4 SERVINGS: Use 1 tsp sugar.
3. Heat a drizzle of oil in a small pot over medium-high heat. Add scallion whites and half the sesame seeds (save the rest for serving). Cook, stirring, until sesame seeds are lightly toasted, 1-2 minutes. • Stir in rice, 1¼ cups water, and a big pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce to a low simmer. Cook until rice is tender, 15-18 minutes. Keep covered off heat until ready to serve. • 4 SERVINGS: Use 2¼ cups water.
4. While rice cooks, heat a 1 ⁄3-inch layer of oil in a large, heavy-bottomed pan over medium-high heat. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine tempura mix, half the garlic powder, 1⁄3 cup cold water, and salt (we used ½ tsp kosher salt). • Pat zucchini and mushrooms very dry with paper towels, then stir into batter until fully coated. • 4 SERVINGS: Use all the garlic powder, 2/3 cup water, and 1 tsp kosher salt. • TIP: If mixture is too thick, add more water 1 TBSP at a time until it reaches a pancake-batter-like consistency.
5. Once oil is shimmering and hot enough that a drop of batter sizzles when added to the pan, working in batches, add coated veggies in a single layer. Cook, turning with tongs, until golden brown. • For zucchini, cook 2-3 minutes on the first side and 1-2 minutes on the second side. Cook mushrooms for the same amount of total time as zucchini, turning a few times, until browned all over. • Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate and immediately season with salt and pepper. • 4 SERVINGS: Fry veggies in batches.
6. Fluff rice with a fork; stir in 1 TBSP butter and season with salt and pepper. • Divide rice between shallow bowls; top with tempura veggies and pickled cucumber (draining first). Garnish with scallion greens, remaining sesame seeds, and some chili flakes. Serve with sauce on the side for dipping. • 4 SERVINGS: Use 2 TBSP butter.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 3807 kJ
Calories 910 kcal
Fat 47 g
Saturated Fat 10 g
Carbohydrate 116 g
Sugar 27 g
Dietary Fiber 4g
Protein 12 g
Cholesterol 40 mg
Sodium 1820 mg
