Shawarma Chickpea Couscous Bowls with Roasted Veggies, Pickled Shallot and Harissa Yogurt Sauce
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/shawarma-chickpea-couscous-bowls-5fa5776ab7ecb622fc15a910?q=shawarma


#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
9 oz carrots
1 bell pepper
2.5 cups israeli couscous
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 lemon
2 tablespoon yogurt
1 tablespoon harissa powder
13.4 oz chickpeas
1 tablespoon shawarma spice blend
veggie stock concentrate
1 shallot
1/4 oz cilantro 
2 tablespoon sour cream
1 oz dried apricots
butter
salt
olive oil
pepper
sugar

Instructions
1. Adjust racks to middle and top positions and preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash and dry all produce. • Trim, peel, and cut carrots on a diagonal into ½-inch-thick pieces. Drain, rinse, and pat chickpeas dry with paper towels. Halve, core, and thinly slice bell pepper into strips.
2. Toss carrots on a baking sheet with a large drizzle of olive oil, 1 tsp Shawarma Spice (2 tsp for 4 servings), salt, and pepper. • Toss chickpeas on one side of a separate baking sheet with a large drizzle of olive oil, 1 tsp Shawarma Spice (2 tsp for 4), salt, and pepper. • Toss bell pepper on empty side with a drizzle of olive oil, salt, and pepper.
3.  Roast carrots on middle rack and chickpeas and bell pepper on top rack until veggies are browned and tender and chickpeas are crispy, 18-22 minutes. TIP: It’s natural for the chickpeas to pop a bit. Check on your veggies and chickpeas after 20 minutes; if carrots finish first, remove from oven and set aside.
4. Meanwhile, halve, peel, and thinly slice shallot. Quarter lemon. Finely chop cilantro. • In a small bowl, combine shallot, juice from half the lemon, a pinch of sugar, and salt. Set aside to pickle. • In a separate small bowl, combine yogurt, sour cream, ¼ tsp garlic powder (½ tsp for 4 servings), a squeeze of lemon juice, and as much harissa powder as you like. (You’ll use the rest of the garlic powder in the next step.) Add water 1 tsp at a time until mixture reaches a drizzling consistency. Season with salt and pepper.
5. Melt 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4 servings) in a medium pot over medium-high heat. Add couscous and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, 2-3 minutes. • Add stock concentrate, ¾ cup water (1½ cups for 4), remaining garlic powder, and a big pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce heat to low. Cook until couscous is tender, 6-8 minutes. Keep covered off heat.
6. Once veggies are done, stir apricots into couscous; season with salt and pepper. • Divide couscous between bowls; arrange chickpeas, bell pepper, and carrots on top in separate sections. Drizzle with yogurt sauce. Top with cilantro and as much pickled shallot (draining first) as you like. Halve remaining lemon wedge and serve on the side.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 3222 kJ
Calories 770 kcal
Fat 27 g
Saturated Fat 7 g
Carbohydrate 107 g
Sugar 27 g
Dietary Fiber 17 g
Protein 20 g
Cholesterol 25 mg
Sodium 610 mg
