Silky Sicilian Penne tossed with Zucchini, Mushrooms & Tomatoes
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/silky-sicilian-penne-5fb7f21d01f2367aa37b3b79/

#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
1 Zucchini
4 oz grape tomatoes
1 lemon
1 teaspoon Italian Seasoning
4 tablespoon Creme Fraiche
4 oz Cremini Mushrooms
1/4 oz Chives
6 oz Pennoe Pasta
Mushroom Stock Concentrate
1/4 cup parmesan Cheese
olive oil
butter
salt
pepper

Instructions:
1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Wash and dry all produce. • Trim and quarter zucchini lengthwise; cut crosswise into ½-inch-thick pieces. Trim and thinly slice mushrooms. Halve tomatoes. Mince chives. Quarter lemon.
2. Heat a drizzle of olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add zucchini and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and softened, 4-6 minutes. • Transfer to a medium bowl.
3. Heat a large drizzle of olive oil in pan used for zucchini over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and slightly crispy, 5-7 minutes. • Turn off heat; season with salt and pepper, then transfer to bowl with zucchini. Wash out pan.
4. Once water is boiling, add penne to pot. Cook until al dente, 9-11 minutes. • Reserve 1 cup pasta cooking water, then drain well.
5.  While penne cooks, heat 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4 servings) and a drizzle of olive oil in pan used for mushrooms over medium-high heat. Add tomatoes and season with 1 tsp Italian Seasoning (2 tsp for 4), salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring, until tomatoes are softened, 2-4 minutes. • Stir in half the chives and juice from half the lemon. Reduce heat to low, then stir in stock concentrate and ¼ cup reserved pasta cooking water (1⁄3 cup for 4). • Whisk in crème fraîche; season with salt and pepper.
6. Add zucchini, mushrooms, and drained penne to pan with sauce; stir to combine. Stir in 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4 servings) until melted. TIP: If necessary, add more pasta cooking water a splash at a time until penne is coated in a creamy sauce. • Divide pasta between bowls. Sprinkle with Parmesan and remaining chives. Serve with remaining lemon wedges on the side.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 2929 kJ
Calories 700 kcal
Fat 34 g
Saturated Fat 16 g
Carbohydrate 85 g
Sugar 12 g
Dietary Fiber 8 g
Protein 20 g
Cholesterol 70 mg
Sodium 540 mg

