Sweet potato fajitas with pepper jack, pickled jalapeno, and lime sour cream
https://www.hellofresh.com/recipes/sweet-potato-fajitas-5f84bdcd98ecf4455b27d4e1/

#veggie
#hellofresh

Servings: 2

Ingredients:
2 sweet potatoes
1 talbesppn southwest spice clend
1 jalapeno
1 red onion
1 long green pepper
1 roma tomato
1 lime
1/4 oz cilantro
2 talbespoon sour cream
6 flour tortillas
1 cup pepper jack cheese
vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon sugar
salt
pepper

Instructions:
1. • Adjust rack to top position and preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash and dry all produce. • Cut sweet potatoes into ½-inch-thick wedges. Toss on a baking sheet with a large drizzle of oil and 1 tsp Southwest Spice (2 tsp for 4 servings). (Be sure to measure the Southwest Spice—we sent more.) Season with salt and pepper. • Roast on top rack until tender and lightly crisped, 25-30 minutes.
2. • Meanwhile, thinly slice jalapeño into rounds, removing ribs and seeds for less heat. Zest and quarter lime. Halve, peel, and thinly slice onion. Dice a few slices until you have ¼ cup (½ cup for 4 servings). Halve, core, and thinly slice green pepper into strips. Dice tomato. Roughly chop cilantro.
3. • In a small bowl, combine jalapeño, juice from half the lime, ½ tsp sugar, and a big pinch of salt. Set aside to pickle, stirring occasionally, until ready to serve.
4. • Heat a large drizzle of oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add sliced onion and green pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly charred, 8-10 minutes. (TIP: Add a splash of water if veggies begin to brown too quickly.) Season with salt and pepper. Remove pan from heat.
5. • While veggies cook, in a second small bowl, combine tomato, cilantro, diced onion, and a squeeze of lime juice. Season with salt and pepper. • In a third small bowl, combine sour cream, lime zest, and a squeeze of lime juice. Season with salt and pepper.
6. • Wrap tortillas in damp paper towels and microwave until warm and pliable, 30 seconds. • Divide tortillas between plates and fill with sweet potatoes, veggies, pepper jack, salsa, lime sour cream, and as much pickled jalapeño (draining first) as you like. Serve with any remaining lime wedges on the side.

Nutrition Values per serving:
Energy (kJ) 3640 kJ
Calories 870 kcal
Fat 40 g
Saturated Fat 20 g
Carbohydrate 110 g
Sugar 19 g
Dietary Fiber 9 g
Protein 21 g
Cholesterol 70 mg
Sodium 1450 mg
